okay this is just a review of my DJ down
at these habits right here and got this
about three days ago and I've been
playing with it since then there's seven
keys turntable and yeah so two
categories I want to go over our
aesthetics and functionality so our
stars so as far as the statics goes it
looks awesome you just really know what
other way to say it
it's obviously emperor styled which is
the newest to DX game on ps2 last game
on ps2 and all seven keys light up I
think and you start and select
turntables pink and pink and is actually
a little bit rough kind of it's not the
shiny one that you get on the standard
ft-7 and I'm told it's the same as the
Japanese kind of original controller so
used to that great and yeah so as I'm
told
distance between the buttons in the
turntable it seems arcade which I'm not
used to I'm used to I'm the original
controller styled distance so I have a
little bit of trouble with that and a
little bit higher up to just like arcade
and assuming say the FB 7 is smaller
than the Platinum Edition revolution
against it's called and the only
difference is the turntable smaller and
the buttons are on the same panel as the
certain sector of the same panel as the
7 keys where
by them understand evolution they're a
little bit higher up and on a separate
panel see as far as functionality goes
works pretty good all buddies click like
they should these are the DJ tab buttons
and I think cherry microswitches
whatever's default I'm not a collector
and yes so when I got it this key are
here stuck a little bit if you have
pushed it in and pushed it up go ahead
stick in place so I took it apart and up
a little bit of oil around it and I sit
like couple of buttons actually have a
sound like a little bit of us you can
hear the spring vibrating this one on a
nose ears see yeah that's one problem
with it but I'm sure that could be fixed
if I just took it apart and and I move
the spring around and lock that be sure
yeah another problem with it is the
decal on the turntable this one right
here is not stuck on right it's lifting
up so I'll push it down and then five
minutes later the edges will be lifted
up so I think I need to glue that down
again I don't know what kind of glue to
use for it to not be completely
permanent cuz that would be bad if you
need to do any service
yeah this thing is really easy to work
on there's just
okay there's just twelve or fourteen
screws on the bottom you just take off
bottom panel comes off and you've got
all your innards so yeah that's what's
their kill and when I got in the Box pin
it was a parallel to ps2 adapter and has
two ports on it which if you have a real
Edition you'll probably need the two
ports I just need the one I don't have a
parallel port on my computer so this is
what tickles me right now and this is
kind of odd but I got an extra PCB which
is apparently not the standard advice
yeah it came with mine so I guess in
case mine no they got this one yeah
that's pretty much it it looks good
no misfires the turntable works
perfectly and it looks beautiful
yeah you're interested in a sb7
controller for VNA 2 DX should probably
go for it
you